feat: Update README for PyHEP 2023 URLs (#12)
matthewfeickert/pyhep-notebook-talk-example: README.md

1. Create an account on [zenodo.org](https://zenodo.org/).
2. [Follow the instructions](https://zenodo.org/account/settings/github/) on syncing GitHub repositories that you control with Zenodo.

> 3. Create a new GitHub release - say "pyhep2022" - to trigger an archive capture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a new GitHub release (e.g. "pyhep-2023) to trigger an archive capture.
```

4. Add the minted DOI to your repository as a badge.

> This DOI can then be used by the PyHEP workshop organizers to add your Zenodo archive to the relevant PyHEP community collection on Zenodo. c.f. [PyHEP 2021's Zenodo community](https://zenodo.org/communities/pyhep2021) as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This DOI can then be used by the PyHEP workshop organizers to add your Zenodo archive to the relevant PyHEP community collection on Zenodo. c.f. [PyHEP 2023's Zenodo community](https://zenodo.org/communities/pyhep2023) as an example.
```
